Blog post for episode 13 (#392)
publiccodenet/blog: _posts/2022-10-13-episode-thirteen-of-lets-talk-about-public-code.md

---

> title: "Episode thirteen of Let's talk about public code! - Ricarrdo Iaconelli"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Episode thirteen of Let's talk about public code! - Riccardo Iaconelli"
```

date: 2022-10-13
author: Jan Ainali
type: blogpost

> excerpt: The newest episode of our podcast is available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: We talked about publiccode.yml in the newest episode of our podcast
```

categories:
  - news
---

# Episode thirteen of Let's talk about public code!

In this thirteenth episode we talked to Riccardo Iaconelli, working on the publiccode.yml metadata specification.

> This episode focuses on how it has enabled discoverability of public code codebases and the development of an open source specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This episode focuses on how publiccode.yml enables discoverability of public code codebases, and the development of an open source specification.
```

Links mentioned in the show:

* [publiccodeyml GitHub organization](https://github.com/publiccodeyml)
* [publiccode.yml Standard](https://yml.publiccode.tools/)

> * [Web editor](https://publiccode-editor.developers.italia.it/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [web editor](https://publiccode-editor.developers.italia.it/)
```

You can find the podcast at [podcast.publiccode.net](https://podcast.publiccode.net/e/13-riccardo-iaconelli/) or by searching in your favorite podcast app.

[![Riccardo, Eric and Jan chatting in a video chat grid]({{site.url}}/assets/screenshot-episode-13.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSgCnsRGvhs)

## Where can I find the video?

The video is available in a number of places:

> * [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSgCnsRGvhs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSgCnsRGvhs)
```
